- [Codesignal](#codesignal)
    - [01](#1.)
    - [02](#2.)
    - [03](#3.)
    - [04](#4.)
    - [05](#5.)
    - [06](#6.)
    
    
    
### 1. Collections Truthness

What will be the value of res after the following snippet is executed:

```python
xs = [()]
res = [False] * 2

if xs:
    res[0] = True
if xs[0]:
    res[1] = True

print(res) # [True, False]
```

### 2. Efficient comparison

You would like to write a function that takes integer numbers x, y, L and R as parameters 
and returns True if xy lies in the interval (L, R] and False otherwise. 
You're considering several ways to write a conditional statement inside this function:

```
if L < x ** y <= R:
if x ** y > L and x ** y <= R:
if x ** y in range(L + 1, R + 1):
```

What option would be the most efficient in terms of execution time?

我個人不是很能夠理解這題


### 3. Special Condition

One of the given statements doesn't work the same way others do. Which one?
Assume that a and b are boolean variables.

- a. not (a == b)
- b. a == (not b) 
- c. a == not b [check]
- d. not a == b

由於python會優先處理==,所以正確方式應該為 a == (not b)

### 4. Language Differences

Your friend, an experienced coder, has just started to learn Python. Since he is already proficient in Java and C++, he decided to write all his snippets in all three languages to test his Python code. Here's the very first function your friend wrote in Python and Java (the C++ version is the same as Java one):

```python
def division(x, y):
    return x // y
```

```java
in division(int x, int y) {
    return x / y;
}
```

You noticed that the functions aren't quite the same: they won't produce the same result for some valid values of x and y. Which ones?

- a. x = 15, y = -4 [check]
- b. x = -8, y = 2
- c. x = -8, y = 2
- d. x = 17, y = 13
- e. x = 5, y = 10

Java中的(/)結果是只取整數位;Python中的(//)則是會將取到的商的小數位無條件取小一位整數(也就是往負的方向進位)，所以15/-4=-3但15//-4=-4

### 5. Count Bits

Implement a function that, given an integer n, uses a specific method on it and returns the number of bits in its binary representation.

Note: in this task and most of the following tasks you will be given a code snippet with some part of it replaced by the ellipsis (...). Only this part is allowed to be changed.

Example

```
For n = 50, the output should be
countBits(n) = 6.
```

5010 = 1100102, a number that consists of 6 digits. Thus, the output should be 6.

* Input/Output
    - [time limit] 4000ms (py3)
    - [input] integer n

* A positive integer.

* Guaranteed constraints:
    - 1 ≤ n ≤ 109.

* [output] integer
    - The number of bits in binary representation of n.


**Answer:**

```python
def countBits(n):
    return n.bit_length()
```

bit_length()為一python的套件,用來取2進位後的數字長度

### 6. Modulus

It frustrates you more than you'd like to admit that the modulus operator in Python can be applied to non-integer values. When you write code, you expect the result of the modulus operator to always be an integer, but thanks to Python this isn't always the case.

To fix this, you've decided to write your own modulus operator as a function. Your task is to implement a function that, given a number n, returns -1 if this number is not an integer and n % 2 otherwise. It is guaranteed that if the number represents an integer, it will be written without a decimal point.

Example

```
For n = 15, the output should be
modulus(n) = 1;

For n = 23.12, the output should be
modulus(n) = -1.
```

- Input/Output
    - [time limit] 4000ms (py3)
    - [input] numeric n

- A non-negative number that can be an int, a float, or a long.

- Guaranteed constraints:
    - 0 ≤ n ≤ 1000

- [output] integer
    - Return n % 2 if n is an integer, otherwise return -1.

**Answer:**

```python
def modulus(n):
    if int(n) == (n):
        return n % 2
    else:
        return -1
```

若n為整數則除以2後取餘數,若非整數則輸出為-1

### 7. Simple Sort

To understand how efficient the built-in Python sorting function is, you decided to implement your own simple sorting algorithm and compare its speed to the speed of the Python sorting. Write a function that, given an array of integers arr, sorts its elements in ascending order.

Hint: with Python it's possible to swap several elements in a single line. To solve the task, use this knowledge to fill in both of the blanks (...).

Example

```
For arr = [2, 4, 1, 5], the output should be
simpleSort(arr) = [1, 2, 4, 5].
```

- Input/Output
    - [time limit] 4000ms (py3)
    - [input] array.integer arr

- Guaranteed constraints:
    - 1 ≤ arr.length ≤ 100,
    - -105 ≤ arr[i] ≤ 105.

- [output] array.integer
    - The given array with elements sorted in ascending order.


**Answer:**

```python
def simpleSort(arr):

    n = len(arr)

    for i in range(n):
        j = 0
        stop = n - i
        while j < stop - 1:
            if arr[j] > arr[j + 1]:
                arr[j], arr[j+1] = arr[j+1], arr[j]
            j += 1
    return arr
```

從第0項開始,若左項大於右項則左右項交換直到左項為最小值,接著第一項重複動作,以此類推

### 8. Base Conversion

Your university professor decided to have a little fun and asked the class to implement a function that, given a number n and a base x, converts the number from base x to base 16. To make things more interesting, he announced that the first student to write the solution will have to answer fewer question than the rest of the class during the final exam.

Laughing devilishly, you asked if it was okay to use a language of your choice, and the unsuspecting professor answered "yes". It's settled then: Python is your language of choice!

Now you're bound to win. Implement a function that, given an integer number n and a base x, converts n from base x to base 16.

Example

```
For n = "1302" and x = 5, the output should be
baseConvertion(n, x) = "ca".

Here's why:
13025 = 20210 = ca16.
```

- Input/Output
    - [time limit] 4000ms (py3)
    - [input] string n

- A valid non-negative integer in base x. The string is guaranteed to consist of digits and lowercase English letters.

- Guaranteed constraints:
    - 1 < n.length ≤ 10.

- [input] integer x
    - The base of n.

- Guaranteed constraints:
    - 2 ≤ x ≤ 36.

- [output] string

The value of n in base 16. The string should contain only digits and lowercase English letters 'a' - 'f'.

**Answer**

```python
def baseConversion(n, x):
    return hex(int(n,x))[2:]
```

先將n的x進位利用int()轉換為十進位,再利用hex() function將十進位轉換為十六進位,由於十六進位會產生字首「0x」,所以要再加入[2:]從第2位開始輸出

